---
description: Landing Page for CAOS Medical Lab Db Repository and CAOS API
---

# Public

## A HealthCareful Content Resource Management Application

### Content Object Resource Network Flake Server:  Adult Health Content Resource Information Management System for the Emergent APHID Group IL

#### Routinization of ePHI from some public entity to a medical data storage and medical data warehousing system.

#### Purpose of CORNFlakeS

Jeffery C.  Bauer and Marc A. Ringel authors of "_Telemedicine and the Reinvention of Healthcare_" defines "_Telemedicine is:  a system of healthcare delivery in which physicians examine distant patients through the use of telecommunications technology. ..the use of telecommunications for medical diagnosis and patient care...the use of telecommunications and information technology to provide healthcare services to persons who are at some distance from the provider...new uses of information and technologies \[that] are emerging, as well as the ability to move the caregiver and information to where the patient is rather than moving the patient to centralized places to deliver health services and information_."  For example, to further expand on Bauer and Ringel's definition about telehealth, CORNFlakeS will be used to build or create, and execute an Agency-Based Relationship modeling system in medically indigent communities within the 50 wards of the city of Chicago.  Especially during these hard times as COVID-19 added a vector to its beginning menacing biomechanistic conformation in terms of SARS-COV-2.  Then, the sum of all fears with both COVID-19 and SARS-COV-2 vectors resulted in a new conformation of the Delta variant.  Then on from the Delta variant of the original virus vector, it change its conformation again to the Omicron variant with no microbial lag phase in sight in the latter of 2021.  From the latter of 2021 until now, the city of Chicago and the rest of the world was hit again by the sum of all fears of the resultant vector of the Flurona variant of the original COVID-19 conformation.  To further understand the vectorization of the pandemic, we must start with the question from the CDC, NIH, and WHO by asking; how can we flatten the curve of the spread of the Chinese virus, Spanish flu, and Middle Eastern virus among medically underserved communities in Chicago?

Also, with the need to further study this vectorization resulting in Flurona hitting the Chicago area, the restaurant and food service industry was hit by unproven non food-borne industry vector among major food corporations like McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, Starbucks, and Dunkin Donuts on January 3, 2022, which began putting major stipulations in these same medically underserved communities.  For example, by requiring all health care consumers to take unnecessary extreme measures before entering their restaurant or coffee house.  Upon entering their restaurant or coffee house, each health care consumer must show an ID and proof of COVID-19 immunization series from Janssen, Moderna, and Pfizer (Unfortunately, both health care companies are not clearly reachable on Twitter or Cisco Webex at this time for specific comments.) before they can sit down and eat a meal with a family, friend, neighbor, coworker, or classmate.  By asking for proof of serial inoculations or vaccinations from Janssen, Moderna, and Pfizer companies lacked scientific methodologies, because of invalid measures prior to January 3, 2022 mandates in Chicago.  For example, faulty titration techniques during the transfection of single stranded RNA of the coronavirus, which might have miscascaded messenger RNA to not signal via signal transduction to transfer RNA for gene encoding onto the coronavirus genome.  This biochemical missense yielded negative clinical consequences that can be avoided by developing a vaccine pipeline with CORNFlakeS.

So, however, by the food and restaurant industry providing imperfect and misinformation about vaccinations, according to the APA may further cause mental health problems within those aforementioned segmented groups.  And, also, by the food and restaurant industry imposing costly extreme measures, more barriers were created to medically underserved communities.  For example, immunocompromised wards containing dense populations of African American, Asian American, Latino American, Native American, and Middle Eastern Americans began to see an unauthorized surge in COVID-19 vaccine protocols from restaurant chains throughout the city of Chicago.  These barriers that may lead to further poor health in immunocompromised wards with dense populations of minorities must be intercepted with CORNFlakeS Agency-Based Relationship modeling system, because restaurant operators began implementing unauthorized, unprovened, and untested COVID-19 vaccine protocols throughout the city of Chicago.  So, CORNFlakeS as a multipurpose Agency-Based modeling system must build or create and develop various types of relationships in medically underserved communities to reach the End-User.  For example, this multipurpose modeling may be significant in preventing several miscalculations related to unauthorized protocols like COVID-19, SARS-COV-2, and MERS research, when minimization of disease vectorization is not readily feasible.   So, miscalculations with these three chronic diseases may impose a greater threat on the host in terms of misdiagnosis, and by not prognosticating correctly about there etiologies and points of immunological attack with some drug regimen.&#x20;

So, CORNFlakeS Agency-Based modeling system will create relationships with the food and restaurant industry to deduce, prevent, and reduce any food-borne vector that may lead to symptoms of COVID-19, Diabetes, and other chronic diseases that need to be managed in medically underserved communities of Chicago.   One type of relationship is the Human-Agent interaction model.  Another type of relationship is the Agent-Web Application interaction model.  The purpose of these two types of interaction models is to decrease slow response times (which maybe revealed through a decision tree diagram) of a public health worker within any agency that maybe experiencing health care delivery service problems related to COVID-19 or any endemic, epidemic, and pandemic health problems that may be coevolving in the city of Chicago. &#x20;

#### What is Routinization?

Earlier, as aforementioned, the food service and restaurant industry came in blindfolded with unprecedented biases and blamed Chicago consumers for spreading food-borne vectors, which was not supported by A/B marketing variable tests.  So, with untested claims towards immunocompromised patients, the burden of Chicago's underserved health care system may decrease, as a result of implementing routinization.  With this weakness in mind from Chicago's food and restaurant industry, according to Robin Leidner, author of the book "_Fast Food, Fast Talk:  Service Work and the Routinization of Everyday Life_" stated in chapter two, "_Routinization appeals to employers of interactive service workers for the same reasons that it attracts employers of manufacturing and clerical workers.  The routinization of interactive service work is not a new phenomenon-the work of telephone operators, for example, was routinized by the first years of the twentieth century-but it is becoming increasingly widespread.  With the rapid expansion of the service sector in the United States in the postwar period, the cost and quality of interactive work have assumed greater significance in many organizations, making it more attractive to try to apply the principles of routinization developed for use in manufacturing work to human interactions._"  And, to further explain Leidner's application of routinization to the food service industry, but now now we can further try to implement routinization in development stages through production stages with the CAOS API.  By doing so, routinization is applicable to the city of Chicago's health care system with the current lagging pandemic crisis with COVID-19 and beyond.  Also, through CAOS API's development stages, routinization will be applicable in every community where there is a human service organization that is suppose to serve those living with food insecurity and poor mental health issues, which may have been caused by anthropogenic etiologies.&#x20;

#### Routinization fueling Interoperability according to HIPAA&#x20;

Routinization in health care is based on several things in order to make any one human service organization interoperable with another human service organization, especially, in a medically underserved city. This may decrease unnecessary implementations of moral agency or even informal care, which may result in a costly fatal end for some number of clients utilizing services from the agency.  Currently, for example, informal care has taken its roots in the conglomeration of unauthorized free COVID-19 test sites throughout all fifty wards in Chicago.  Also, the conglomeration of these unauthorized free COVID-19 test sites has caused a conflict of interest with Cook County Department of Health and Illinois Department Public Health with individuals who are recipients of Cook County Care and Illinois Medicaid.  Ironically, the conflict of interest with Cook County Care and Illinois Medicaid lies with decentralized criteria, logic, and procedures about collecting sputum culture for COVID-19 and then transferring into ePHI for the medically indigent patients that may or may not have subsequent symptoms related to RSV.  To further explain this point very loosely, the Chicago Tribune reported that "_T.P. recently walked inside a COVID-19 testing center on the city's northwest side and was immediately appalled by the facility like of basic health and protocols.  Employees collecting specimens weren't changing any gloves or washing hands in between patients, she recalled.  The site didn't seem to be enforcing social distancing and the employees performing tests weren't wearing proper personal protection equipment....With COVID-19 testing in high demand in the Chicago area, medical experts and government officials are warning consumers to be extremely wary of substandard or fraudulent "pop-up" testing centers.    Some of them have been found operating in sketchy settings while others have been reportedly given fake results-or failed to return any results at all."_  Fake medical data results with any set of symptoms, my have severe health consequences on medically indigent patients.  So, the purpose of routinization in health care is to prevent a big medical data problem in medically underserved communities throughout Chicago.  Also, for example, as a result of not resolving the big medical data problem, slower output of health care delivery services with affiliates, community collaborations, and partnership organizations will occur in Chicago.

Or conversely, routinization may prevent underutilization of health care services in a medically underserved community.  For example, it's based on the computer, software, and possible implementation of AI.  However, AI may replace nondeterministic viewpoints of community health workers within any struggling community service organization.  And, with the power of AI, nondeterministic viewpoints can be built on decision algorithms that is made up of a set of choices to further help the public health worker not fall into utility issues that may affect the quality of life of some number of clients in the human service agency.  Also, decision algorithms can be augmented to possibly simulate a risk matrix for an ailing community agency.  By simulating a risk matrix, risk aversion which leads to messy and futile merging of unresponsive community service organizations may be halted for more sufficient services to some number of clients.

As aforementioned, routinization in health care can be used to decrease any agency deficiency related to big medical data.  First of we can begin to understand how interactive service workers can be utilized through Google and all its third party apps, like updating with software from Pusher's API via serviceworker.js file.  These elements must be further explored with team efforts in Trello.&#x20;

#### COMET FISH Web Application for Public Consumption

We had began discussing the backend support of CORNFlakeS towards the CAOS API from the Super User **SUDO** in Android, Linux, and Windows, but now we include backend support from **SUDO** to frontend support for the End-User through COMET FISH web app for Public Consumption on the Emergent APHID website.  COMET FISH in short is "Common METABIS Fast Information Service 4 Health".  The Common METABIS Fast Information Service 4 Health will take into priority medically underserved communities in Chicago.  In these underserved communities, health care is the market place for any client living with any set of symptoms, whose electronic Patient Health Information needs to be stored for analysis and surveillance in terms of longitudinal eradication.  For example, COMET FISH web app will be for medically underserved or medically indigent public users that may be currently experiencing barriers related to access to health care issues between their grocery stores, hospitals, medicaid or medicare providers, and pharmacies for prediagnosed or already diagnosed for some health conditions needing further positive prognosis.  Also, to add from a previous point about Janssen, Moderna, and Pfizer companies' faulty vaccine maladvertisement, NPR had announced on January 24, 2022 that, "_Billionaire investor and Dallas Maverick's owner Mark Cuban has launched an online pharmacy for generic drugs that promises steep discounts over traditional distributors.  The Mark Cuban Cost Plus Drug Company announced the opening of its online pharmacy.  The pharmacy says it will bypass health care industry "middlemen" and help consumers avoid high drug prices by charging manufacturers' prices plus a flat 15% markup and pharmacist fee_."  So, to further understand misdrug administration and subverting its clinical consequences, then the purpose of COMET FISH Public web app access would be to decrease disparities related to chronic disease management in wards where deinvestment may have occured before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic crisis. &#x20;

#### COMET FISH Web App as a Platform for Telehealth

To begin with some etiology about Telehealth, according to Bauer and Ringel, "T_elemedicine is the combined use of telecommunications and computer technologies to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare services by liberating caregivers from traditional constraints of place and time and by empowering consumers to make informed choices in a competitive marketplace_."  But before, we can implement Bauer and Ringel's point about telemedicine,  we must further explain the importance backend, frontend, and now the middleware support from Postmark and Postman servers from CAOS API, since the COMET FISH web app is being designed for several reasons.  Earlier on, we started the discussion about the client-based ground campus organizations were ineffective without the further implementation of CORNFlakeS, which has its dependencies from CAOS API in order for public consumption of COMET FISH web app to be effective, but now we will focus our discussion on building and creating client-centered approaches around online Github (org) organizations and its third-party apps to the End-User. &#x20;

First of all, application collaboration and development attempts with Github and third-party apps were not realistic;  very dismal;  and of no effect in terms of fast responsive health care delivery in medically underserved cities like Chicago.  For example, I began to work with one repository I forked on Github; https://github.com/math4youbyusgroupillinois/givinggraph.  I thought by forking this repository would be the beginning of building a great open-source database for medically indigent communities of Chicago, but I ran into my first issue with trying to develop a database, because there are many components to developing a database application to run in a very competitive and open health care system.&#x20;

The first issue I ran into with this repository was that  it was primarily coded in R Statistical Programming package.  There is a little bit of a consequence with building any database application from R Statistical Programming package, especially, when it is being designed for any ailing community organization with slow output. &#x20;

